# KTF
Will contain images at the unlock screen of the things you may think is your dream to remind your objectives. You unlock your smartphone and you start doing some stuffs. So it's time to enter to the app because you have place a schedule the day before, you have to enter if you want to get new or curious information about "you". What kind of information are you going to receive? that's an interesting question. Honestly, I'm taking api's regarding the main purpose which is incetivate you to do extra activities that you really love or recognize your hidden abilities. So how can I get that purpose at least in one app; well these API's are linked with NLP (Natural Language Processing) in which many of them are going to do their work based on the nest steps:

1- Send articles or news based on the given data before (age, career, hobbies, attitudes,aptitudes, economic status, parent status.) I think the first and the two last categories are crucial to consider what you really are.

2- After receiving all the data in order. The app will make an interface in which inside of it will contain crucial information about your career based on your countryside. Fortunately, this app may have the possibility to change the countryside as well as the language if you wish to improve your grammar, pronunciation or reading skills spontaniously.
 
3- What's next?, it will appear many investigation references from professional of your career behind the article/new; they would be youtube, instagram, website references, and so on. Thus, you can get into many free resources from diferent apps without wasting your time searching videos about which would you do with your life basically. I mean, you can take tips from them but you need algorithm near to your career so that they might be shown on youtube channels, facebook pages, instagram reels,twitter posts ,etc. 

